[docs] Update schema-reporting plugin docs (#7468)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/api/plugin/schema-reporting.mdx

api_reference: true
---

> Note:

> > **Schema reporting does not currently support graphs that use Apollo Federation.** If you would like to publish your monolith schema in your CI/CD pipeline, or if you are using Federation, you can use the [Rover CLI to publish your schema or subgraph changes](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/schema/cli-registration).

Reviewer: Unless we know that this will change imminently, we should avoid the use of currently. (See https://developers.google.com/style/timeless-documentation)

```suggestion
> **The schema reporting plugin does not support graphs that use Apollo Federation.** If you are using Federation, or if you want to publish your monolith schema in your CI/CD pipeline, you can use the [Rover CLI to publish your schema or subgraph changes](/graphos/schema/cli-registration).
```

</MultiCodeBlock>

### Using the plugin with multiple deployment instances

> A single instance of Apollo Server running the plugin will report the current schema hash to GraphOS in a hearbeat fashion. This hash is an identifier of the schema version, not any usage data of the schema. GraphOS will not reflect a new schema version in the changelog until all Apollo Server instances (whether that is 1 or more) are reporting the same schema hash.

Reviewer: In general, I try to favor the present tense. (See https://developers.google.com/style/tense)

```suggestion

A single instance of Apollo Server running the plugin reports the current schema hash to GraphOS in a heartbeat fashion. This hash is an identifier of the schema version and doesn't incorporate any usage data. GraphOS only reflects a new schema version in the changelog once all Apollo Server instances—whether one or more—are reporting the same schema hash.
```
